Let's say you're an agency or a
consultant or maybe you just work at a
company and you would like to take your
pretty Spark Toro graph and customize it
the way you want. You could sort in
different ways. Uh you could add things,
you know, to the graph and remove other
things. And then you download it. And
that don't download is very convenient
and it looks nice. It's got this big PNG
that you can go pop into your uh you
know presentation. Great. Except, you
know what would be even nicer? It would
be even nicer if you could put your logo
on there. Well, guess what case we
built? Watch this. I'm going to go to
account settings. I'm going to click
upload logo. I'm going to choose my
alert mouse logo, one of my other
companies, and I'm going to upload that
to Spark Tour. Look, there it is. It's
accepted. Great. Now, we're going to go
back here to uh AI tools logistics. I'm
going to hit refresh so that it reloads.
And then I'm going to download this and
I'm going to show you what this looks
like. So now if I I'll put this in my
browser so you can see it. Look, it's
all beautiful and perfect PNG with the
alert mouse logo. You can do this on
your own account. Just click on your
menu, go to account settings, and then
choose your logo. I'm going to remove
this one for now. And it will
automatically appear in place of the
Spark Tour logo on your pages. Uh you do
you will need a uh business or agency
tier account to do this. But once you
do, boom, you got your customized
graphics that you can download easily,
put in your presentation, send to your
boss, include it in an email, send to
your client. And it'll be great.